and I know that we have still get time but I do not think we be invincible and I be think that it be a sign ' Cause I do not think we be invincible crush all in it be path crush all in it be path crush all in it be path crush all in it 's path now do n't get me wrong I love what you have do with the place I just wish we have a chance to help build it instead of just move into this home of disrepair and expect it to work , prosper and then share constantly rely on consuming to feel content but only because we have lose touch with this home that we have spend trillion of dollar taint for our want and not our need and now we be grow tired of plant bleary-eyed seed and I be not say that we could do well but give a chance we will try ( we will try ) we will dig up the earth 's timeworn soil and fill the trench with greedy eye and I be not say that we could do well but give a chance we will try we will dig up the earth 's timeworn soil and fill the trench with greedy eye I will imagine , I will imagine , I will imagine ... " I will imagine a day as empire make haste to colonize , to claim , to control and to contain we sit patiently in the future , helpless " switch ! and I know that we have still get time but I do not think we be invincible and I be think that it be a sign deep breath , clench fist here come another juggernaut ! crush all in it be path crush all in it be path crush all in it be path crush all in it 's path what the hell will happen now ? I really do n't know , man ! we will do what we have always do ! shut our eye and hope for the good ! no ! we be gonna face this ! and step out onto the track ! stare it , right , in the face thou shall not pass ! and I know that we have still get time but I do not think we be invincible and I be think that it be a sign ' Cause I do not think we be invincible crush all in it be path crush all in it be path crush all in it be path crush all in it 's path and I know that we have still get time but I do not think we be invincible and I be think that it be a sign deep breath , clench fist here come another juggernaut ! and I know that we have still get time but I do not think we be invincible and I be think that it be a sign and I do not think we be invincible and I hope that we have still get time ' Cause I do not think we be invincible the idea of community will be something display at a museum _________________ name juggernaut Artist Enter shikari album common dread