I take a cheap shot , a clean Miss. Burnin ' my defense by the shakin of her hip , and then she move in , a quick kiss , breathe down my neck , she have me wrap around her wrist . I try to break loose , tight grip , knock me unconscious when she bite her bottom lip . it be a lost cause , a fast fight , she ai n't take any prisoner and she be through play nice . load the bullet with my blood in the round . yeah she be a sweet six shooter , she know how to get down . until the kick-back , when my heart hit the ground . she say , " you think you be so tough , Baby put your hand up . " load the bullet with my blood in the round . yeah she be a sweet six shooter , she know how to get down . until the kick-back , when my heart hit the ground . she say , " you think you be so tough , Baby put your hand up . " yeah . and so I break off . I give in . feel pretty good about the trouble that I be in . she get me Beat down , and bruise up . I be bleed , barely breathe , but I can not get enough . load the bullet with my blood in the round . yeah she be a sweet six shooter , she know how to get down . until the kick-back , when my heart hit the ground . she say , " you think you be so tough , Baby put your hand up . " load the bullet with my blood in the round . yeah she be a sweet six shooter , she know how to get down . until the kick-back , when my heart hit the ground . she say , " you think you be so tough , Baby put your hand up . " yeah . she get me deep in the chest , Straight through my bullet-proof vest . she kiss like a grenade , like a blade , or bayonet . she get me deep in the chest , Straight through my bullet-proof vest . she kiss like a grenade , like a blade , or bayonet . she get me deep in the chest , Straight through my bullet-proof vest . she kiss like a grenade , like a blade , or bayonet . load the bullet with my blood in the round . yeah she be a sweet six shooter , she know how to get down . until the kick-back , when my heart hit the ground . she say , " you think you be so tough , Baby put your hand up . " load the bullet with my blood in the round . yeah she be a sweet six shooter , she know how to get down . until the kick-back , when my heart hit the ground . she say , " you think you be so tough , Baby put your hand up . " yeah . _________________ name six shooter artist coyote kiss album six shooter