once there be a nation here , now there be no more . once we fight to change our fear , but now this be our war . ( this be our War ! ) ( this be our War ! ) Wash you mind out , where be your moral ? how many people have to live this sorrow ? right should not be beg or borrow how many really want to change tomorrow ? we be still play the blindfold game , as we profile the enemy that we create , yeah . we be still play the blindfold game , with the card on the table in the end we be all the same ! where be the compassion in the world today ? ! yeah be all the same ! until we find another way this our war ! once there be a nation here , now there be no more . ( this be our War ! ) once we fight for change arm in arm , but now this be our war . divisive word from ivory tower , Seeds of intolerance turn into flower . countless fool and reckless coward , rally the people in their quest for power . we be still play the blindfold game , as we profile the enemy that we create , yeah . we be still play the blindfold game , with the card on the table in the end we be all the same ! where be the compassion in the world today ? now we be all the same until we find another way this be our war ! ( this be our War ! ) once there be a nation here , now there be no more ! ( this be our War ! ) once we fight for change arm in arm , but now this be our war . be this the land of segregation ? be this a place that we call home ? do n't let the old-stock generation carry the flag for you and me no more . ( this be our ) WAR ! this be our war . we be into the red . we be into the red . and as it burn the fire spread . we be under the threat . we be under the threat . will it still burn tomorrow ? once there be a nation here , now there be no more ! once we fight to change our fear , but now this be our war . ( this be our war ! ) once there be a nation here , now there be no more ! ( this be our war ! ) once we fight for change arm in arm , but now this be our war . be this the land of segregation ? be this a place that we call home ? do n't let the old-stock generation carry the flag for you and me no more . ( this be our war ! ) once there be a nation divide , now this be our war . ( this be our war ! ) once we stand embrace arm in arm we stand for something more ! _____________________ name this be our War Artist Billy Talent album afraid of Heights