will they remember my name when I be go ? when they know what I do be so fuck wrong ? put the steel to my wrist - lose the breath in my chest , just to forget all the wrong I have leave . I take the exit , leave my friend in the gutter ; leave my life right behind me - leave myself , leave it all , leave myself , leave it all , not a falter not a stutter , not a note and now ? there be nothing at all . be you at all haunt by memory past ? be you ready to make this one breath your last ? be your chest so heavy you be ready to leave , or be you just hope that someone will grieve ? and now we roll on ... I be go now , I do n't remember much , I just know that I would have be good off if i have stay , speak to a friend , let my heart keep on beating and not give it all up for the grave . there be no one there on the other side , there be nothing more than what I have . there be no ghost leave to haunt you , so you know I be still here , just the end of my life nothing leave here at all . there be no memory here , just the regret of the dead . please do n't follow my footsteps- cherish all you have leave . be you at all haunt by memory past ? be you ready to make this one breath your last ? be your chest so heavy you be ready to leave , or be you just hope that someone will grieve ? there be no one there on the other side , ( there be no one there on the other side ) there be nothing more than what I have . there be no ghost leave to haunt you . there be no ghost . there be no memory here , just the regret of the dead , please do n't follow in my footstep - cherish all you have leave . there be no memory here just the regret of the dead please do n't follow in my footstep - cherish all you have leave . be you at all haunt by memory past ? be you ready to make this one breath your last ? be your chest so heavy you be ready to leave , or be you just hope that someone will grieve ? be you at all haunt by memory past ? be you ready to make this one breath your last ? be your chest so heavy you be ready to leave , or be you just hope that someone will grieve ? ____________________ name chase ghost artist the Amity affliction album chase ghost