Sunshine there ai n't a thing that you can do that be gonna ruin my night ( but there be just something about ) this dizzy dreamer and her bleed little blue boy Licking your finger like you be do and you have decide there be so much more than me ( oh ) and baby , honestly it be harder breathe next to you I shake , I bring a gun and as the preacher try to stop me hold my heart , it be beat for you anyway what if I ca n't forget you ? ( oh ) I will burn your name into my throat I will be the fire that will catch you and what be so good about pickin ' up the piece ? none of the color ever light up anymore in this hole nobody pray for the heartless ( no ) nobody give another penny for the selfish ( you be learn how to ) taste what you kill now do n't mind me , I be just reachin ' for your necklace Talkin ' to my mom about this little girl from Texas what if I ca n't forget you ? ( oh ) I will burn your name into my throat I will be the fire that will catch you and what be so good about pickin ' up the piece ? none of the color ever light up anymore in this hole just give her back to me you know I ca n't afford the medicine that feed what I need so baby , what if I ca n't forget you ? ( what if I ca n't forget you ? ) collide invisible lip like a shadow on the wall and just throw , oh no you ca n't just throw me away so what if I ca n't forget you ? I will burn your name into my throat I will be the fire that will catch you and what be so good about pick up the piece ? what if I do n't even want to ? what if I ca n't forget you ? I will burn your name into my throat I will be the fire that will catch you and what be so good about pick up the piece ? none of the color ever light up anymore in this hole just give her back to me you know I ca n't afford the medicine that feed what I need so baby , what if I ca n't forget you ? ( what if I ca n't forget you ? ) I will well learn to live alone what be so good about pick up the piece ? what be so good about ? what be so good about ? what be so good about pick up the piece ? ___________________ name Caraphernelia Artist Pierce the Veil album selfish Machines