Immi daga uimpi geneta , lana beððos et ' iouintutos . Blatus ceti , cantla carami . Aia gnata uimpi iouinca , pid in cete tu toue suoine , pid uregisi peli doniobi ? Aia gnata uimpi iouinca , pid in cete tu toue suoine , Aia mape in blatugabagli uorete , cante celiIui in cete ! Vrit-me lindos dubnon-piseti Vrit-me lindos dubnon-piseti . N'immi mapos , immi drucocu . in cetobi selgin agumi , selgin blatos tou ' iouintutos . Nu , uoregon , cu , uorigamos , lamman , cu , suuercin lingamos , indui uelui cantla canamos ! Ne moi iantus , immi drucocu in cetobi selgin agumi Ne moi iantus gnaton uorega , Iantus drucocunos uoregon . Vrit-me lindos dubnon-piseti Vrit-me lindos dubnon-piseti Vrit-me lindos dubnon-piseti Vrit-me lindos dubnon-piseti . Cu allate , papon sod urege , eððiIo de iantu in cridie . VediIumi : cante moi uosta ! ne , a gnata , Ne uostami , ne te carami . ne te carami ! Boua daga uimpi geneta . Immi trouga , lana nariIas . Vrit-me lindos dubnon-piseti Vrit-me lindos dubnon-piseti . " fear " I be a fair , pretty girl full of virtue and youthfulness the forest 's flower and song I love Hey , pretty young girl what be you do in the forest alone so far from all being ? hey , pretty young girl what be you do in the forest alone ? hey , handsome boy , come here ! let us pick some flower in this forest together ! now only the deep pond await me now only the deep pond await me I be not a boy , I be the bad wolf in the wood I hunt Hunt for the flower of your youth well , wolf , let us play a game let us dance a joyful dance let us sing decent song ! I be not a boy , I be the bad wolf in the wood I hunt I do n't like child 's game I like play sinister wolf game in the depth of the forest , with you now only the deep pond await me now only the deep pond await me now only the deep pond await me now only the deep pond await me Wild wolf , do whatever your heart long for but I beg you : stay with me ! no , girl , I will not abide with you , I be not stay with you and do n't love you ! never love you ! I be a fair and pretty girl now I be poor and overcome with shame now only the deep pond await me now only the deep pond await me ___________ name Omnos Artist Eluveitie album evocation @card@ - the arcane Dominion