my tea be go cold I be wonder why I get out of bed at all the morning rain cloud up my window and I ca n't see at all and even if I could it will all be gray , but your picture on my wall it remind me that it be not so bad , it be not so bad my tea be go cold I be wonder why I get out of bed at all the morning rain cloud up my window and I ca n't see at all and even if I could it will all be gray , but your picture on my wall it remind me that it be not so bad , it be not so bad Dear Slim , I write but you still ai n't callin ' I leave my cell , my pager and my home phone at the bottom I send two letter back in autumn , you must not'a got ' em there probably be a problem at the post office or somethin ' sometimes I scribble address too sloppy when I jot ' em but anyways ; fuck it , what have be up ? man , how be your daughter ? my girlfriend be pregnant too , I be ' bout to be a father if I have a daughter , guess what I'mma call her ? I'mma name her Bonnie I read about your Uncle Ronnie , too , I be sorry . I have a friend kill himself over some bitch who do n't want him I know you probably hear this everyday , but I be your big fan I even get the underground shit that you do with Skam I get a room full of your poster and your picture man I like the shit you do with Rawkus too ; that shit be phat ! anyways , I hope you get this man , hit me back , just to chat Truly yours , your big fan , this be Stan My tea be go cold I be wonder why I get out of bed at all the morning rain cloud up my window and I ca n't see at all and even if I could it will all be gray , but your picture on my wall it remind me that it be not so bad , it be not so bad Dear Slim , you still ai n't call or write , I hope you have a chance I ai n't mad , I just think it be fuck up you do n't answer fan if you do n't wanna talk to me outside your concert you do n't have to , but you coulda sign an autograph for Matthew that be my little brother man , he be only six year old we wait in the blister cold for you , four hour and you just say , " no " that be pretty shitty man , you be like his fuckin ' idol he want to be just like you man , he like you more than I do I ai n't that mad though , I just do n't like bein ' lied to remember when we meet in Denver , you say if I will write you you would write back , see I be just like you in a way I never know my father neither he use to always cheat on my mom and beat her I can relate to what you be say in your song so when I have a shitty day , I drift away and put ' em on ' Cause I do n't really get shit else so that shit help when I be depressed I even get a tattoo of your name across the chest sometimes I even cut myself to see how much it bleed it be like adrenaline , the pain be such a sudden rush for me see everything you say be real , and I respect you cause you tell it my girlfriend be jealous ' cause I talk about you twenty-four / seven but she do n't know you like I know you Slim , no-one do she do n't know what it be like for people like us growin ' up you gotta call me man , I will be the big fan you will ever lose sincerely yours , Stan P.S. we should be together , too my tea be go cold I be wonder why I get out of bed at all the morning rain cloud up my window and I ca n't see at all and even if I could it will all be gray , but your picture on my wall it remind me that it be not so bad , it be not so bad Dear Mr. I'm-Too-Good-To-Call-Or-Write-My-Fans : this will be the last package I ever send your ass ! it have be six month and still no word , I do n't deserve it ? I know you get my last two letter ; I write the address on ' em perfect so this be my cassette I be send you , I hope you hear it I be in the car right now , I be do @card@ on the freeway Hey Slim , I drink a fifth of vodka , you dare me to drive ? you know the song by Phil Collins , in the Air of the night ? about that guy who coulda save that other guy from drown ? but do n't , then Phil see it all , then at a show he find him ? that be kinda how this be , you coulda rescue me from drown now it be too late , I be on a thousand downer now , I be drowsy and all I want be a lousy letter or a call I hope you know I rip all of your picture off the wall I love you Slim , we coulda be together , think about it you ruin it now , I hope you ca n't sleep and you dream about it and when you dream , I hope you ca n't sleep and you scream about it I hope your conscience eat at you and you ca n't breathe without me see Slim ; shut up bitch ! I be tryin ' to talk ! Hey Slim , that be my girlfriend screamin ' in the trunk but I do n't slit her throat , I just tie her up , see I ai n't like you ' Cause if she suffocate , she will suffer more and then she will die too well , gotta go , I be almost at the bridge now - oh , shit ! I forget ! how be I suppose to send this shit out ? my tea be go cold I be wonder why I get out of bed at all the morning rain cloud up my window and I ca n't see at all and even if I could it will all be gray , but your picture on my wall it remind me that it be not so bad , it be not so bad Dear Stan , I mean to write you sooner but I just be busy you say your girlfriend be pregnant now , how far along be she ? look , I be really flatter you would call your daughter that and here be an autograph for your brother , I write it on the starter cap I be sorry I do n't see you at the show , I musta miss you do n't think I do that shit intentionally just to diss you but what be this shit you say about you like to cut your wrist too ? I say that shit just clownin ' dogg ; c'mon , how fuck up be you ? you get some issue Stan , I think you need some counsel to help your ass from bounce off the wall when you get down some and what be this shit about us mean to be together ? that type of shit will make me not want us to meet each other ! I really think you and your girlfriend need each other or maybe you just need to treat her well I hope you get to read this letter , I just hope it reach you in time before you hurt yourself , I think that you will be doin ' just fine if you relax a little , I be glad I inspire you , but Stan why be you so mad ? try to understand , that I do want you as a fan I just do n't want you to do some crazy shit I see this one shit on the news a couple week ago that make me sick some dude be drunk and drive his car over a bridge and have his girlfriend in the trunk and she be pregnant with his kid and in the car they find a tape , but they do n't say who it be to come to think of it , his name be ... it be you ! damn ... __________ name Stan Artist Eminem album curtain call