may I have your attention , please ? may I have your attention , please ? will the real Slim Shady please stand up ? I repeat : will the real Slim Shady please stand up ? we be gonna have a problem here Y'all act like you have never see a white person before jaw all on the floor like Pam , like Tommy just burst in the door and start whoopin ' her ass bad than before they first be divorce , throwin ' her over furniture ( ahh ! ) it be the return of the ... " ah , wait , no way , you be kid he do n't just say what I think he do , do he ? " and Dr. Dre say ... nothing , you idiot Dr. Dre 's dead , he be lock in my basement ( ha , ha ! ) feminist woman love Eminem " Chicka , chicka , chicka , Slim Shady , I be sick of him look at him walk around grab his you-know-what flip the you-know-who . " " yeah , but he be so cute though " yeah , I probably get a couple of screw up in my head loose but no bad than what be goin ' on in your parent ' bedroom ( Uhh-uhh-uhh ! ) sometimes , I wanna get on TV and just let loose but ca n't but it be cool for Tom Green to hump a dead moose " my bum be on your lip , my bum be on your lip " and if I be lucky , you might just give it a little kiss and that be the message that we deliver to little kid and expect them not to know what a woman 's clitoris be of course they be gonna know what intercourse be by the time they hit fourth grade they get the Discovery Channel , do n't they ? we ai n't nothing but mammal ... well , some of us , cannibal who cut other people open like cantaloupe but if we can hump dead animal and antelope then there be no reason that a man and another man ca n't elope ( eugh ! ) but if you feel like I feel , I get the antidote woman wave your pantyhose ; sing the chorus , and it go I be Slim Shady , yes I be the real Shady All you other Slim Shadys be just imitate so wo n't the real Slim Shady please stand up please stand up , please stand up ? ' Cause Slim Shady , yes I be the real Shady All you other Slim Shadys be just imitate so wo n't the real Slim Shady please stand up please stand up , please stand up ? will Smith do n't gotta cuss in his rap to sell record well I do , so fuck him and fuck you , too you think I give a damn about a Grammy ? half o ' you critic ca n't even stomach me , let alone stand me " but Slim , what if you win , would n't it be weird ? " why , so you guy can just lie to get me here ? so you can sit me here next to Britney Spears ? Yo shit , Christina Aguilera well switch me chair so I can sit next to Carson Daly and Fred Durst and hear ' em argue over who she give head to first Little bitch put me on blast on MTV " yeah he be cute , but I think he be marry to Kim , hehe " I should download her audio on MP3 and show the whole world how you give Eminem VD ( ahh ! ) I be sick of you little girl and boy group ; all you do be annoy me so I have be send here to destroy you and there be a million of us just like me who cuss like me , who just do n't give a fuck like me who dress like me , walk , talk , and act like me and just might be the next good thing but not quite me ' Cause I be Slim Shady , yes I be the real Shady All you other Slim Shadys be just imitate so wo n't the real Slim Shady please stand up please stand up , please stand up ? ' cause I be Slim Shady , yes I be the real Shady All you other Slim Shadys be just imitate so wo n't the real Slim Shady please stand up please stand up , please stand up ? I be like a head trip to listen to , ' cause I be only give you thing you joke about with your friend , inside your livin ' room the only difference be I get the ball to say it in front of y'all and I do n't gotta be false or sugar-coat it all I just get on the mic and spit it and whether you like to admit it ( rip ) , I just shit it good than ninety percent of you rapper out can then you wonder how can kid eat up these album like Valiums it be funny , ' cause at the rate I be go , when I be thirty I will be the only person in the nursin ' home flirt Pinchin ' nurse ass , while I be jackin ' off with Jergens and I be jerkin ' , but this whole bag of Viagra be n't workin ' in every single person there be a Slim Shady lurkin ' who could be workin ' at Burger King , spittin ' on your onion ring or in the parking lot circle , screamin ' " I do n't give a fuck " with his window down and his system up so will the real Shady please stand up and put one of those finger on each hand up and be proud to be outta your mind and outta control and one more time , loud as you can , how do it go ? ' cause I be Slim Shady , yes I be the real Shady All you other Slim Shadys be just imitate so wo n't the real Slim Shady please stand up please stand up , please stand up ? ' cause I be Slim Shady , yes I be the real Shady All you other Slim Shadys be just imitate so wo n't the real Slim Shady please stand up please stand up , please stand up ? ' cause I be Slim Shady , yes I be the real Shady All you other Slim Shadys be just imitate so wo n't the real Slim Shady please stand up please stand up , please stand up ? I be Slim Shady , yes I be the real Shady All you other Slim Shadys be just imitate so wo n't the real Slim Shady please stand up please stand up , please stand up ? Haha , guess there be a Slim Shady in all of us fuck it , let be all stand up _________________________ name the Real Slim Shady Artist Eminem album curtain call