go tell all your friend that this be the end go tell all your friend that this be the end go tell all your friend that this be the end this be the end I do n't understand a word you be say what be the cloud run from ? there be something in the air tonight something be wrong , spit it out ! I just fall from that Mothership they say that your answer , they be always lie on the ocean bed your answer , they be always lie on the ocean bed there be something in the air there be something in the air in the air , in the air tonight , I be wide awake , I be wide awake in the air , in the air tonight , I be wide awake , I be wide awake and I will scream with a thousand voice ... I be sane I be sane my soul feel so safe up there no self-centred native destroy our earth I just fall from that Mothership they say that your answer , they be always lie on the ocean bed your answer ( your answer , your answer ) they be always lie on the ocean bed walk the plank , walk the plank , walk the plank walk the plank , walk the plank , walk the plank walk the plank your answer they be always lie on the ocean bed your answer they be always lie on the ocean bed your answer they be always lie on the ocean bed your answer they be always lie on the ocean bed Demo Version Go tell all your friend that this be the end go tell all your friend that this be the end go tell all your friend that this be the end this be the end I do n't understand a word you be say what be the cloud run from ? there be something in the air tonight something be wrong , spit it out ! I just fall from the mothership ( they say that ) your answer , they be always lie on the ocean bed your answer , they be always lie on the ocean bed there be something in the air there be something in the air tonight , i be wide awake , i be wide awake there be something in the air there be something in the air tonight , i be wide awake , i be wide awake and i will plead with a thousand voice I be sane ! I be sane ! I just fall from the mothership ( they say that ) your answer , they be always lie on the ocean bed your answer , they be always lie on the ocean bed walk the plank ! walk the plank ! walk the plank ! walk the plank ! walk the plank ! walk the plank ! walk , the , plank ! your answer , they be always lie on the ocean bed your answer , they be always lie on the ocean bed your answer , they be always lie on the ocean bed your answer , they be always lie on the ocean bed ________________ name Mothership Artist Enter shikari album take to the sky