I remember time I hustle , times I struggle time I have to get over the everyday shuffle people tryin ' to muffle my thought and all my dream too people who I think be down , and see true but I blame me too ' cos it be a Chronicle My life , I realise I be responsible for obstacle in front of me , my own self to blame but I work hard to receive the wealth and fame it be a worthless game , but if you be willing to play there be shark in the water who be , willing to pay the price of your soul , but if you give it away you silly motherfucker be all commited to stay it be a cold world , but you still want a part of it so then you will well fuck around and learn the art of it do n't walk through life with your blinders on ' Cos you will keep goin ' crazy ' til your mind be go it Ai n't easy , but you get people tryin ' , to put you down , believe me I keep gainin ' ground , it Ai n't easy how many time , must you decieve me ? it Ai n't easy , but you get people tryin ' , to put you down , believe me I keep gainin ' ground , it Ai n't easy how many time , must you decieve me ? I be around for many day , of musical mainstay Cypress , be Worldwide and we like it that way you ca n't fade-ER , or compare to the original Pyscho-Baiter get the next rhyme and we will check you all later Ca n't nobody fuck with them Cypress Hill raider hear it all before and I do n't need no more advice on the game and how to kick hardcore play the game out here with the well tour around the world and get big respect now , what be ( ? ) all with this year @card@ be ? we puttin the Smackdown and we ai n't clownin ' not many have last since we first blast up on the scene , singin ' about the dream Recruitin ' for our team , niggas know what I mean ? damn ? , you defy , when you live or die it Ai n't easy , but you get people tryin ' , to put you down , believe me I keep gainin ' ground , it Ai n't easy how many time , must you decieve me ? it Ai n't easy , but you get people tryin ' , to put you down , believe me I keep gainin ' ground , it Ai n't easy how many time , must you decieve me ? times I hate , times I wait Times I go by where I be drunk and fade they say I would n't make it , but where be those people now ? still hatin ' , creatin ' all the evil now your insecurties be showin ' , exposin ' you you be trippin ' on me and showin ' emotion too do n't you spend your life full of envy , it be deadly heed me , as I spit the venom believe me I keep my guard up , and always let you see my rage I get piss , like a pitbull in a cage ( bark ) not that many can deal with the fury Attack and ransack and kill in a hurry I kill and observe and go in an instant I bring the pain like the ? Rampark ? prison I keep it right for the brother to the ? Chullo ? something I bump when your gate in the ( ? ) it Ai n't easy , but you get people tryin ' , to put you down , believe me I keep gainin ' ground , it Ai n't easy how many time , must you decieve me ? it Ai n't easy , but you get people tryin ' , to put you down , believe me I keep gainin ' ground , it Ai n't easy it Ai n't easy , yo , it Ai n't easy ___________________ name it Ai n't Easy Artist Cypress Hill album stone raider