Low-ri-der . . low-ri-der . . Low-ri-der . . low-ri-der . . Aww , comin through fo ' real we Cypress Hill , ohh baby get that junk , for Yo ' trunk , goin gangsta crazy we some real life hustler , playin game in the street we get that low-ri-der , scrapin dippin on three ( low-ri-der ) so pop your collar , give a holla , throw Yo ' dub in the air we tear the roof , off the mother , lady let down Yo ' hair playa do that thang , that make you feel alright ( low-ri-der ) Smoke that tree , crack that brew , we gettin freaky tonight now when people be do , bumpin they head to this you wonder why you want anything instead of this we be makin you bounce , for many year already Rock steady and cut , many niggaz to confetti but I just want to blaze it up ; whether it be the mic or a spliff yes my gift be to amaze you all think I could n't come for ten my friend , but guess what ? I slay niggaz and still savin my good nut ( low-ri-der ) but you well cover your eye , cause you never know when I spit it out and start some flowin I drop rhyme that grow like tree you be smokin Ear drum feel like lung , your brain 's chokin just let it soak in , seep in , creep in I be keepin , all you motherfucker in the deep end ( low-ri-der ) you wanna trip ? then I get luggage I stuff you in and send you off , cause you ai n't rugged Aww , comin through fo ' real we Cypress Hill , ohh baby get that junk , for Yo ' trunk , goin gangsta crazy we some real life hustler , playin game in the street ( low-ri-der ) we get that low-ri-der , scrapin dippin on three so pop yo ' collar , give a holla , throw the dub in the air ( low-ri-der ) we tear the roof , off the mother , lady let down Yo ' hair playa do that thang , that make you feel alright ( low-ri-der ) Smoke that tree , crack that brew , we gettin freaky tonight Cause , we be Cypress Hill , come on and ride with us just get inside , we bouncin dippin , chop it up real tough Lean to the side , pimp yo ' hat , tilt yo ' seat on back do n't front on me , baby boy , and break bread with the sack ( low-ri-der ) I be the vato with the fine hoodrat in the ranfla always roll deep on the street like the mafia Pleito , just might come back and haunt Ya Flossin too much , no vato 's gonna want ya not right here home , we be past all of that make that feria , spittin that rap Ya me conoces , I be down for my Calle Cypress Ave , y a pudo les madre ( low-ri-der ) Ya tu sabes , we do n't play that shit any pendejo 's gettin hit up quick Whassup ese ? what hood you claim ? now throw it up and down like it ai n't no thang ( low-ri-der ) Hands in the air with the pinky ring soul assassin , runnin everything to all you vatos , make sure you check this in every barrio , I be well respected ( low-ri-der ) Aww , comin through fo ' real we Cypress Hill , ohh baby get that junk , for Yo ' trunk , goin gangsta crazy we some real life hustler , playin game in the street ( low-ri-der ) we get that low-ri-der , scrapin dippin on three so pop yo ' collar , give a holla , throw the dub in the air ( low-ri-der ) we tear the roof , off the mother , lady let down Yo ' hair playa do that thang , that make you feel alright ( low-ri-der ) Smoke that tree , crack that brew , we gettin freaky tonight Low-ri-der . . low-ri-der . . Low-ri-der . . low-ri-der . . Low-ri-der . . low-ri-der . . Low-ri-der . . low-ri-der . . ______________ name Lowrider Artist Cypress Hill album stone raider