yeah , y'all know what the fuck this be MC motherfuckin ' Ren up in this bitch nigga yeah , all y'all bitch-ass niggas out here talkin all that shit we ' bout to drop this motherfucker on y'all like this ( gun be load ) punk ass niggas out here , nigga we some Southland killer in this motherfucker Niggas all acrosss town , up in the suburb while niggas makin ' face like the Rock on the curb Nigga people 's elbow , the loud-mouthed hold and groupie niggas bangin ' for pass to the show ( can I get in ? ) Big-ass cheque wit ' plenty of O 's ( O 's ) and hoe wit ' big lip doin ' what they suposed ( yeah ) do n't have shit ' till I start to bust and y'all get shit ' cos of my ball be cussed Ren and Cypress Hill , they ai n't live than us Nigga legendary Villian , who start the fuss Nigga double glock , cock , get your shit rock get your crib knock , nigga have that rib pop under boss and trouble , they under my rubble clone motherfucker , always the villain , like the Hubble fuck your bubble , I bust them shit plaque and shit , grab my dick , spit these hit all , my niggas , do you wanna ride wit ' us ? ( do Ya wanna ride wit us ? ) ( killer ! ) throw your clip up , man we be about to bust ( Man we be about to bust ) ( killer ! ) Cy-press , Hill click , yeah we ready for war ( yeah we ready for war ) ( killer ! ) all y'all niggas , well just hit the floor ( killer ! ) I be close to the good thing , on the West Wing blow out your set , flame when the good sing it be a rep thing , hater feel they chest pain they feel it in they heart , I be there to test thing do n't arrest ( ? ) , the bullet-proof vest team these niggas shoot first they they askin ( ? ) name it be less strain it be all real , I bet fame , it be a chess game wrong move and it be checkmate ( that be right ) I might sound funny out here but really , niggas get money out here and hey , everyday be sunny out here so listen , do n't play dummy out here King try for bust make your whole pack run stack enough cash so now I stack gun Fat one , all cold and black one Southland Killin ' , it be just how that have do all , my niggas , do you wanna ride wit ' us ? ( do Ya wanna ride wit us ? ) ( killer ! ) throw your clip up , man we be about to bust ( Man we be about to bust ) ( killer ! ) Cy-press , Hill click , yeah we ready for war ( yeah we ready for war ) ( killer ! ) all y'all niggas , well just hit the floor ( killer ! ) you can try to ride with the Hill , lie on the Hill but when your shit ( ? ) be when die on the Hill we get , hot on the heel , rely on the steel when your paper get pull and you design be steel like you , sign the deal , or sign over your will ( Sen Dog ) buster get SLAYED ... ! ... when you fuck around with Real take time to feel , what I be tellin ' you hoe ( Tellin ' you hoe ) you could n't fuck around with me if I be sellin ' you blow just go to show the incredible skill tell bitch nigga , now you trap under my wig well Gettin trample , dump on and thump on scrape on the six-five with the hand on the pump SONG do n't even fuck with these Southland grande we the vatos that run on Los Angeles Call me Mad Dog , if you think you know me if you be not sure then turn around and leave slowly ! all , my niggas , do you wanna ride wit ' us ? ( do Ya wanna ride wit us ? ) ( killer ! ) throw your clip up , man we be about to bust ( Man we be about to bust ) ( killer ! ) Cy-press , Hill click , yeah we ready for war ( yeah we ready for war ) ( killer ! ) all y'all niggas , well just hit the floor ( killer ! ) _______________________ name Southland killer Artist Cypress Hill album stone raider