it have be a while now Been around the block many mile many face , many place that I find friend place where I spend time , place where my mind roam place I can call home place I can get stone I just wanna be alone when I be feelin ' in my zone people want to knock me down ' cos they never have their own they wo n't get the good of me but they try hopelessly why you wanna fuck wit ' me ? I be not , what you s'posed to be ? you could not give a damn Coulda just kill a man saw off in my hand but I have to kill the plan think I have find my piece of mind foot plant on the ground I just have to redefine , what I think to myself it all go around me and other who would down me who I do n't give a fuck about , trouble always find me , I know use to welcome it with my arm open wide , trouble 's hand be on the door , but it ca n't come inside ! no trouble be at my door ! you want trouble , c'mon , you want trouble ? you want trouble , c'mon you want trouble ? trouble on the line , all the fuckin ' time get me contemplatin ' the solution , the fusion my wicked mind get sucker that hate me but it do n't really matter I be like a gat when I bust , niggas run and scatter Movin ' in circle , throwin ' elbow and fist you get to be a real nigga in a Cypress Hill pit Lotta critic talkin ' shit , but I be not concern a hundred G 's for sixty minute be the bank I earn I try to put it to you bluntly so you bitch can learn that no-body get tire when it 's time to burn with so many phony out there a lot of you have be fool in to actually believin ' that some shit be cool take the blinders off and go look for yourself fuck Hearin ' about shit from somebody else I be down for myself , I back up myself put in all on the line make sure that I 'M feel ! no trouble be at my door ! you want trouble , c'mon , you want trouble ? you want trouble , c'mon you want trouble ? Nooooo ! look , the wall 's closin ' in and my shoe 's wearin ' thin have to be the big clown that you could n't comprehend some hate on my game , say I would n't be the same call me " Rock superstar " , " insane in the Brain " but I know I have n't change so I brush you to the side trouble 's knockin ' on the door , anxious jus ' to come inside ' times I gotta block it out , no-one like to talk it out trouble keep comin ' and I ca n't seem to lock it out get my hand on the phone , I do n't wanna have to talk if you be feelin funky son , then I guess you gotta jump I can see it in your eye , you do n't seem to recognise I would n't fall into your trap , for many life to compromise I be not fallin ' for your shit , you ai n't gonna take me there you can talk all you want , but I do n't got your weight to bear no , trouble be at my door ! ( you want trouble right now ? C'mon you want trouble right now ? C'mon ) you want trouble , c'mon you want trouble ? you want trouble , c'mon you want trouble ? you want trouble , c'mon you want trouble ? you want trouble , c'mon you want trouble ? _____________ name trouble Artist Cypress Hill album stone raider