keep you in the dark you know they all pretend keep you in the dark and so it all begin send in your skeleton Sing as their bone come march in again they need you bury deep the secret that you keep be at the ready be you ready ? I be finish make sense Done plead ignorance that whole defense spin infinity , but the wheel be spin me it be neverending , neverending same old story what if I say I be not like the other ? what if I say I be not just another one of your play ? you be the pretender what if I say I will never surrender ? what if I say I be not like the other ? what if I say I be not just another one of your play ? you be the pretender what if I say that I will never surrender ? in time , or so I be tell I be just another soul for sale , oh well the page be out of print we be not permanent we be temporary , temporary same old story what if I say I be not like the other ? what if I say I be not just another one of your play ? you be the pretender what if I say I will never surrender ? what if I say I be not like the other ? what if I say I be not just another one of your play ? you be the pretender what if I say I will never surrender ? oh I be the voice inside your head you refuse to hear I be the face that you have to face mirror in your stare I be what be leave , I be what be right , I be the enemy I be the hand that will take you down , bring you to your knee so who be you ? yeah , who be you ? yeah , who be you ? yeah , who be you ? keep you in the dark you know they all pretend what if I say I be not like the other ? what if I say I be not just another one of your play ? you be the pretender what if I say I will never surrender ? what if I say I be not like the other ? what if I say I be not just another one of your play ? you be the pretender what if I say that I will never surrender ? what if I say I be not like the other ? ( keep you in the dark ) what if I say I be not just another one of your play ? ( you know they all ) you be the pretender ( pretend ) what if I say I will never surrender ? what if I say I be not like the other ? ( keep you in the dark ) what if I say I be not just another one of your play ? ( you know they all ) you be the pretender ( pretend ) what if I say I will never surrender ? so who be you ? yeah , who be you ? yeah , who be you ? ___________________ name the pretender Artist Foo fighter album echo , silence , Patience & Grace