lose in your own head , but then a knock at the door . put down that drink , your step creak the floor . go and get the gun , distract yourself from death . back against the door , your hand be start to sweat . slowly cock the gun , slowly move to the side , slowly turn the handle , slowly open it wide . you catch a glimpse of his face . your heart sink in your chest ; your hand start to shake because you know that it be him . just the coward and you standing silent , dead air . so you pull him inside into your father 's chair . " your mother be dead , all thanks to you . her addiction get bad after you leave you damn fool . what you do to our father , I promise you will pay up . I be go to take your life , but it do n't feel like enough . " cold steel to his head , walk him to his death . walk him down past the white oak door . walk him out past the boardwalk and your old shipyard . your pistol in his side , make him pay . on the outskirt of town , pass the old quarry now . walk him down to those cold steel track . you stumble drunk with the gun in his back . " now get down on your knee on the track where you shame me . but this time , the dodge ai n't go to end so pretty . either a bullet or that train steam just ahead be go to end your day . you coward little kid . " you sit and you stir , while he wait for his death . you will never forgive him , and you never do forget . he will never see the sun again . make him pay off his debt . stand on those track , cold steel under your foot , barrel to his temple . " your rot mother , you will soon re-meet , " you whisper in his ear , feel his whole body shake . in an instant he have get your arm , he have get your gun , you be hold down by his weight . you feel the cold steel above and below . you feel your stomach tie in knot when the train whistle blow . you feel the warm of the blood where the barrel dig in . from your cheek to your mouth , you taste the sweat and the tin . you do n't cry , you do n't beg . you have be wait for this . for the coward , or for death , just to see your wife again . that train be so close , so loud and so clear . your hand stop shake and it be all that you hear . just like father . " you take him . if this be how it be go to be I would rather die at the hand of my own family . " _____________________ name White Oak door artist defeater album empty day & sleepless night