( skull ) they all know they all know sorry , do I wake your dream ? some question run too deep we only , only wake up when we sleep lead by the lunar light , trouble be all we find lose our way tonight ( lose our way tonight ) be it something we say ? be it something we say to them ? be it something we say ? ( save me ) I be trap in a vile world ( save me ) where the ending be all the same as every other we be only here to die ( save me ) I be lose my only dream ( save me ) I can use some guiding light , some place to go you hear me , let me know they all know they all know ever since the day you leave my fate have be set unknown how many year to walk this path alone ? so much to see tonight , so why will you close your eye ? why ca n't I shut mine ? be it something we do ? be it something we do to them ? be it something we do ? ( save me ) I be trap in a vile world ( save me ) where the ending be all the same as every other we be only here to die ( save me ) I be lose my only dream ( save me ) I can use some guiding light , some place to go if you hear me , let me know if you hear me , let me know help me find my way say help me find my way no pulse inside of me Stone cold lip and heresy all lie and to a degree lose who I want to be you will find out right now he may be out of his mind but someday you will find that sanity have leave us all blind and drag us all behind a moment see through those eye Crystal blue disguise they say that all beauty must die I say it just move on if you will only open your mind then someday you will find insanity leave us behind and walk right through the door I can see the picture clear as yesterday picture all my own I can hear the voice beg you to stay but know you be not alone ( save me ) I be trap in a vile world ( save me ) where the ending be all the same as every other we be only here to die ( save me ) I be lose my only dream ( save me ) I can use some guiding light , some place to go if you hear me , let me know if you hear me , let me know tonight we all die young tonight we all die young tonight we all die young tonight we all die young tonight we all die young tonight we all die young tonight we all die tonight we all die young _____________ name Save Me Artist avenge sevenfold album nightmare