" Hier sind doch irgendwo Kinder versteckt ... ich wittere sie , ich werde sie aufspüren . Wenn meine Nase mich nicht täuscht Sind sie dort ... Sie müssen Ganz in der Nähe Sein , das spüre ich ! " you be in a mess cause this be the end God he can bless not lead your hand in your mother 's womb you feel warm and safe but that be a fallacy cause this be your grave do you want to feel how hard it can be vegetate flesh be always the fee for live with this pain and in agony until the devil come and fetch will glee Kommt heraus ! Kommt heraus ! Embryodead you will go mad let be ease your pain Embryodead you be condemn do n't attempt to exist in this world full of hate " Man Braucht Nur zu wissen , wo man Sie zu suchen hat . " " Sie müssen Ganz in der Nähe Sein , das spüre ich " " ... diese Nase hat mich noch Nie getäuscht , in meinem Leben noch nicht ! " " Und wenn ich die Kinder Hier entdecke , fange ich sie in meinem Netz und du wirst bestraft ! Haaahaaaa Haaaahaaaa " do you want to feel how hard it can be vegetate flesh be always the fee for live with this pain and agony until the devil come and fetch with glee you be in a mess cause this be the end God he can bless not lead your hand in your mother 's womb you feel warm and safe but that be a fallacy cause this be your grave Kommt Heraus ! Kommt Heraus ! Embryodead you will go mad let be ease your pain Embryodead you be condemn do n't attempt to exist in this world full of hate " Kinder euer Hoheit , grässliche Kreaturen , furchtbar ... furchtbar tückisch ! ... Aber Ausländer natürlich ! " child do not ask me to decide ' Cause it be me who can tell you how hard it be to live ' Cause it be me who can tell you how hard it be to give without any reason , without any sense without any reason , without any sense without any reason , without any sense without any reason , without any sense Embryodead you will go mad let be ease your pain Embryodead you be condemn do n't attempt to exist in this world full of hate Embryodead you will go mad Embryodead you will go mad ________________ name Embryodead Artist Wumpscut album Embryodead