Cold blood , Ice in my vein . Cold blood , Ice in my vein . ice in my vein . spit in your face , another worthless liar . I know your kind . save me the smile , you be just a cut-throat bastard . I read your mind . nothing without the victim that you feed on . everyone know you be just a parasite . what can you do after you have kill it slowly ? where can you go after you bleed it dry ? for now I will let you believe , I let you get to me . be n't you in for a shock , you stupid motherfucker ? you will get what you deserve , a victim of your own game . you be already dead to me , your turn to get play . now I be cold blood , I have get ice in my vein . now I be cold blood , just disengage . have control - the only validation you constantly need . power to you become intoxication on which you feed . spew your lie and your manipulation , play with life to you be just a game . be around you make me fear that you might get on my skin and then contaminate . for now I will let you believe , I let you get to me . ( you do n't even see it come , do you ? ) you will get what you deserve , a victim of your own game . you be already dead to me , your turn to get play . now I be cold blood , I have get ice in my vein . now I be cold blood , just disengage . your face just serve to remind everything that I do n't want to be . guess my mind be make up long ago , you wo n't get one thing more from me ! now I be cold blood , I have get ice in my vein . now I be cold blood , just disengage . Cold blood . ice in my vein . nothing without the victim that you feed on . everyone know you be just a parasite . Cold blood . ice in my vein . nothing without the victim that you feed on . everyone know you be just a parasite . Cold blood . ice in my vein . nothing without the victim that you feed on . everyone know you be just a parasite . Cold blood . ice in my vein . nothing without the victim that you feed on . everyone know you be just a parasite . Cold blood . ice in my vein . __________________ name Cold blood Artist Damageplan album New find power write by Darrell Lance Abbott , Patrick A . Lachman , Vincent Paul Abbott Copyright Warner / Chappell Music , Inc