wake up ! our life be entwine , ca n't escape but you and I have never stand face-to-face still I ca n't get away think that you can just step right in / push me out and then fuck thing all up again ? it never seem to end . do you think that you be good than me ? you well wake up ' cause you know it be a lie . do you think that you be good than me ? you well wake up . do you think that you be good than me ? you well wake up ' cause you know it be a lie . do you think that you be good than me ? you well wake up . wake up ! wake up ! cling to skeleton , fear change , paralyze think what the future will bring . you be kill everything . pure adrenaline , I tear in hatred be my fuel truth dissect you again and you have run out of friend do you think that you be good than me ? you well wake up ' cause you know it be a lie . do you think that you be good than me ? you well wake up . do you think that you be good than me ? you well wake up ' cause you know it be a lie . do you think that you be good than me ? you well wake up . and now it be time , the countdown begin . extract the truth , what be from what be . and once and for all we lay it to rest and never look back again . never again ! never again ! never again ! never again ! I ca n't believe all the thing do to me . sight unseen . you do n't know one fuck thing but you judge me . do you think that you be good than me ? you well wake up ' cause you know it be a lie . do you think that you be good than me ? you well wake up . do you think that you be good than me ? you well wake up ' cause you know it be a lie . do you think that you be good than me ? you well wake up . do you think that you be good than me ? you well wake up ' cause you know it be a lie . do you think that you be good than me ? you well wake up . do you think that you be good than me ? you well wake up ' cause you know it be a lie . do you think that you be good than me ? you well wake up . wake up ! wake up ! _____________ name Wake up Artist Damageplan album New find power write by Darrell Lance Abbott , Patrick A . Lachman , Vincent Paul Abbott Copyright Warner / Chappell Music , Inc