Ohh ! a moment you will never remember and a night you will never forget ! Ohh ! all you sinner stand up , sing hallelujah ( hallelujah ! ) Show praise with your body stand up , sing hallelujah ( hallelujah ! ) and if you ca n't stop shake , lean back let it move right through Ya ( hallelujah ! ) say your prayer say your prayer say your prayer ( hallelujah ! ) my life start the day I get catch under the cover with secondhand lover Oh , tie up in pretty young thing in a state of emergency who be I try to be then the time for be sad be over and you miss them like you miss no other and being blue be good than be over it ( over it ) all you sinner stand up , sing hallelujah ( hallelujah ! ) Show praise with your body stand up , sing hallelujah ( hallelujah ! ) and if you ca n't stop shake , lean back let it move right through Ya ( hallelujah ! ) say your prayer say your prayer say your prayer ( hallelujah ! ) I be drunk and it do n't mean a thing stop think about the bullet from my mouth I love the thing you hate about yourself just finish a daydream who be you try to be then the time for be sad be over and you miss them like you miss no other and being blue be good than be over it ( over it ) no one want you when you have no heart and I be sit pretty in my brand new scar and you will never know if you do n't ever try again so let be try let be try let be try all you sinner stand up , sing hallelujah ( hallelujah ! ) Show praise with your body stand up , sing hallelujah ( hallelujah ! ) and if you ca n't stop shake , lean back let it move right through Ya ( hallelujah ! ) say your prayer say your prayer say your prayer ( hallelujah ! ) all you sinner stand up , sing hallelujah ( hallelujah ! ) Show praise with your body stand up , sing hallelujah ( hallelujah ! ) and if you ca n't stop shake , lean back let it move right through Ya ( hallelujah ! ) say your prayer say your prayer say your prayer ________________ name hallelujah artist panic ! at the disco album hallelujah