they say stay in your lane boy , lane boy but we go where we want to they think this thing be a highway , highway but will they be alive tomorrow ? they think this thing be a highway , if it be our way we will have a tempo change every other time change ' Cause our mind be change on what we think be good I be n't raise in the hood but I know a thing or two about pain and darkness if it be n't for this music , I do n't know how I would have fight this regardless , all these song I be hear be so heartless do n't trust a perfect person and do n't trust a song that be flawless honest , there be a few song on this record that feel common I be in constant confrontation with what I want and what be poppin ' in the industry , it seem to me that single on the radio be currency my creativity be only free when I be play show they say stay in your lane boy , lane boy but we go where we want to they think this thing be a highway , highway but will they be alive tomorrow ? ( they be alive tomorrow ? ) I be sorry if that question I ask last scare you a bit like a hazmat in a gas mask if you ask Zack , he be my brother , he like when I rap fast but let be backtrack , back to this who would you live and die for on that list ? but the problem be , there be another list that exist and no one really want to think about this Forget sanity , forget salary forget vanity , my morality if you get in between someone I love and me you be gonna feel the heat of my cavalry all these song I be hear be so heartless do n't trust a perfect person and do n't trust a song that be flawless they say stay in your lane boy , lane boy but we go where we want to they think this thing be a highway , highway but will they be alive tomorrow ? they say stay in your lane boy , lane boy but we go where we want to they think this thing be a highway , highway but will they be alive tomorrow ? but will they be alive tomorrow ? but will they be alive tomorrow ? but will they be alive tomorrow ? but will they be alive tomorrow ? they say stay in your lane boy , lane boy but we go where we want to they think this thing be a highway , highway but will they be alive tomorrow ? they say stay in your lane boy , lane boy but we go where we want to they think this thing be a highway , highway but will they be alive tomorrow ? ______________ name Lane Boy Artist twenty one Pilots album Blurryface