we struggle to our foot we all yearn to be free we fight and we be weak we all come out and grieve this goddamn life be our disease but we ca n't always fuck win we can always turn the tide we can all stand up and sing ' never alone ' we fight together , not alone no matter where our body roam this place be now what we call home never alone , never apart we find each other in the dark Shed our tear and fight our fear we be one , the lonely heart never alone , never apart we find each other in the dark Shed our tear and fight our fear we be one , the lonely heart listen , always ... we will be drown in our grave be we ca n't stand for ourselves we have to stay afloat ( we struggle to breathe ) with the word that we try to believe when I lose my home and find my way home we can always turn the tide and we get lose and not be blind , never alone we fight together , not alone no matter where our body roam ( this place be not away from home ) we be never , ever alone never alone , never apart we find each other in the dark Shed our tear and fight our fear we be one , the lonely heart never alone , never apart we find each other in the dark Shed our tear and fight our fear we be one , the lonely heart we be not lose here together we be not lose anymore we will turn the tide , we will calm the storm we be ready for war we be not lose here together we be not lose anymore never alone , never apart we find each other in the dark Shed our tear and fight our fear we be one , the lonely heart never alone , never apart we find each other in the dark Shed our tear and fight our fear we be one , the lonely heart ( Message receive on April @card@ at @card@ : @card@ AM . ) ( hello ? be you there ? listening ? I be just try to get in touch man . I have be so fuck , so fuck down lately . like , I do n't know what be happen . I be just so tire all the time . try to sleep . I just , I just lie there quiet . can n't speak cause everyone around me be pass out . my fuck mind be rage . uh , hello ? I do n't even know why I call . I think it , I think it might be time for me to leave . just call it quit . I be sick of this . it be the same fuck day , every day . I think I sleep , I ca n't be sure though . it be all the same now . drink , drink , drink again . I be tired man . I think it , you do n't want to hear this . I be a mess . I be sorry man . I just do n't know who to turn to . no one really hear me , you know ? I speak , at least I think I speak , but no one hear me . I have say enough . hello ? hello ? I should n't have call . ) ( Message delete . ) _________________ name never alone artist the Amity affliction album let the Ocean take me