I be look at you through the glass . do n't know how much time have pass . Oh God it feel like forever . but no one ever tell you that forever feel like home , sit all alone inside your head . ' cause I be look at you through the glass . do n't know how much time have pass . all I know be that it feel like forever . but no one ever tell you that forever feel like home , sit all alone inside your head . how do you feel ? that be the question . but I forget you do n't expect an easy answer . when something like a soul become initialize and fold up like paper doll and little note . you ca n't expect a bit of hope . so while you be outside look in describe what you see , remember what you be stare at be me . ' cause I be look at you through the glass . do n't know how much time have pass . all I know be that it feel like forever . but no one ever tell you that forever feel like home , sit all alone inside your head . how much be real ? so much to question . an epidemic of the mannequin contaminate everything we think come from the heart , but never do right from the start . just listen to the noise . ( Null and void instead of voice ) . before you tell yourself it be just a different scene , remember it be just different from what you have see . I be look at you through the glass . do n't know how much time have pass . and all I know be that it feel like forever . but no one ever tell you that forever feel like home , sit all alone inside your head . ' cause I be look at you through the glass . do n't know how much time have pass . and all I know be that it feel like forever . but no one ever tell you that forever feel like home , sit all alone inside your head . and it be the star , the star , that shine for you . and it be the star , the star , that lie to you , yeah-yeah . and it be the star , the star , that shine for you . and it be the star , the star , that lie to you , yeah-yeah . I be look at you through the glass . do n't know how much time have pass . Oh God it feel like forever . but no one ever tell you that forever feel like home , sit all alone inside your head . ' cause I be look at you through the glass . do n't know how much time have pass . all I know be that it feel like forever . but no one ever tell you that forever feel like home , sit all alone inside your head . and it be the star , the star , that shine for you , yeah-yeah . and it be the star , the star , that lie to you , yeah-yeah . and it be the star , the star , that shine for you , yeah-yeah . and it be the star , the star , that lie to you , yeah-yeah-yeah . who be the star ? who be the star that lie ? ___________________ name through Glass Artist Stone Sour album come what ( ever ) May