pour up , drink , head shot , drink sit down , drink , stand up , drink Pass out , drink , wake up , drink fade , drink , fade , drink now I do grow up ' around some people livin ' their life in bottle granddaddy have the golden flask , backstroke every day in Chicago some people like the way it feel , some people wanna kill their sorrow some people wanna fit in with the popular , that be my problem I be in a dark room , loud tune , look to make a vow soon that I'ma get fuck up , fillin ' up my cup , I see the crowd mood Changin ' by the minute and the record on repeat take a sip then another sip , then somebody say to me " Nigga , why you babysit only two or three shot ? I'mma show you how to turn it up a notch first you get a swimming pool full of liquor , then you dive in it pool full of liquor , then you dive in it I wave a few bottle , then I watch ' em all flock all the girl wanna play Baywatch I get a swimming pool full of liquor and they dive in it pool full of liquor , I'mma dive in it " Pour up , drink , head shot , drink sit down , drink , stand up , drink Pass out , drink , wake up , drink fade , drink , fade , drink Okay , now open your mind up and listen me , Kendrick I be your conscience , if you do not hear me , then you will be history , Kendrick I know that you be nauseous right now and I be hopin ' to lead you to victory , Kendrick if I take another one down , I'ma drown in some poison , abusin ' my limit I think that I be feelin ' the vibe , I see the love in her eye , I see the feelin ' the freedom be grant as soon as the damage of vodka arrive this how you capitalize , this be parental advice then apparently I be over influence by what you be doin ' I think I be doin ' the most till someone say to me " Nigga , why you babysit only two or three shot ? I'mma show you how to turn it up a notch first you get a swimming pool full of liquor , then you dive in it pool full of liquor , then you dive in it I wave a few bottle , then I watch ' em all flock all the girl wanna play Baywatch I get a swimming pool full of liquor and they dive in it pool full of liquor , I'mma dive in it " Pour up , drink , head shot , drink sit down , drink , stand up , drink Pass out , drink , wake up , drink fade , drink , fade , drink I ride , you ride , bang one chopper , one hundred shot , bang hop out , do you bang ? two chopper , two hundred shot , bang I ride , you ride , bang one chopper , one hundred shot , bang hop out , do you bang ? two chopper , two hundred shot , bang Nigga , why you babysit only two or three shot ? I'mma show you how to turn it up a notch first you get a swimming pool full of liquor , then you dive in it pool full of liquor , then you dive in it I wave a few bottle , then I watch ' em all flock all the girl wanna play Baywatch I get a swimming pool full of liquor and they dive in it pool full of liquor , I'mma dive in it Pour up , drink , head shot , drink sit down , drink , stand up , drink Pass out , drink , wake up , drink fade , drink , fade , drink Sherane Sherane Sherane Aw man ( Sherane ) where be she take me ? where be she take me ? all I , all I , all I , all I All I have in life be my new appetite for failure and I get hunger pain that grow insane Tell me do that sound familiar ? if it do then you be like me , make excuse that your relief be in the bottom of the bottle and the green indo leaf as the window open I release everything that corrode inside of me I see you joke , why you laugh ? do n't you feel bad ? I probably sleep and never ever wake up never ever wake up , never ever wake up in God I trust but just when I think I have enough they stomp the homie out over a bitch ? K-dot , you good , blood ? now we can drop , you we can drop you back off ( that nigga 's straight man , that nigga ai n't trippin ' ) we gon ' do the same ol ' shit I'mma pop a few shot , they gon ' run , they gon ' run opposite way fall right in ' s lap and he gon ' tear they ass up , simple as that ( and I hope that bitch that set him up out there , we gon ' pop that bitch too ) wait hold up , ay I see somebody Aha , get them niggas , K-dot , you good ? L , you good ? ( yeah blood , I be good , Dave , you good ? Dave ? Dave , say something , Dave ? ) these bitch ass niggas kill my brother ____________________________ name swimming pool ( drink ) Artist Kendrick Lamar album swimming pool ( drink )