what do I do to ignore them behind me ? do I follow my instinct blindly ? do I hide my pride from these bad dream ? and give in to sad thought that be maddening ? do I sit here and try to stand it or do I try to catch them red-handed ? do I trust some and get fool by phoniness ? or do I trust nobody and live in loneliness ? because I ca n't hold on when I be stretch so thin I make the right move , but I be lose within I put on my daily facade , but then I just end up get hurt again by myself ( myself ) I ask why ( but in my mind , I find ) I ca n't rely on myself ( myself ) I ask why ( but in my mind , I find ) I ca n't rely on myself I ca n't hold on ( to what I want when I be stretch so thin ) it be all too much to take in I ca n't hold on ( to anything , watch everything spin ) with thought of failure sink in if I turn my back , I be defenseless and to go blind leave you senseless if I hide my pride and let it all go on then they will take from me ' til everything be go and if I let them go , I will be outdo but if I try to catch them , I will be outrun if I be kill by the question like a cancer then I will be bury in the silence of the answer by myself ( myself ) I ask why ( but in my mind , I find ) I ca n't rely on myself ( myself ) I ask why ( but in my mind , I find ) I ca n't rely on myself I ca n't hold on ( to what I want when I be stretch so thin ) it be all too much to take in I ca n't hold on ( to anything , watch everything spin ) with thought of failure sink in how do you think I have lose so much ? I be so afraid , I be out of touch how do you expect I will know what to do when all I know be what you tell me to ? do n't you ( Know ? ) I ca n't tell you how to make it ( go ) no matter what I do , how hard I ( try ) I ca n't seem to convince myself ( Why ) I be stick on the outside do n't you ( Know ? ) I ca n't tell you how to make it ( go ) no matter what I do , how hard I ( try ) I ca n't seem to convince myself ( Why ) I be stick on the outside I ca n't hold on ( to what I want when I be stretch so thin ) it be all too much to take in I ca n't hold on ( to anything , watch everything spin ) with thought of failure sink in I ca n't hold on ( to what I want when I be stretch so thin ) it be all too much to take in I ca n't hold on ( to anything , watch everything spin ) with thought of failure sinking ... _______________ name by myself Artist Linkin Park album hybrid theory