some people get by with a little understanding some people get by with a whole lot more oh , I do n't know why you gotta be so undemanding one thing I know : I want more ... I want more ! ( and I need all the love that I ca n't get , too ) ( and I need all the love I can get ) ( and I need all the love that I ca n't get , too ) D'you get scare to feel so much ? to let somebody touch you ? so hot , so cold , so far , so out of control when hard to come by , the harder to hold some people get by with a little understanding some people get by with a whole lot more I do n't know why you gotta be so undemanding ... I want more ! ( and I need all the love I can get ) ( and I need all the love that I ca n't get , too ) ( and I need all the love I can get ) ( and I need all the love that I ca n't get , too ) there be part of me that do n't get nervous -- not the part that shake you wo n't get what you deserve , you be what you take Learning to cry for fun and profit , I be not do yet counterfeit dollar or the English zloty , anything I can get some people get by with a little understanding some people get by with a whole lot more oh , I do n't know why you gotta be so undemanding one thing I know : I want more ! ( and I need all the love I can get ) ( and I need all the love that I ca n't get , too ) ( and I need all the love I can get ) ( and I need all the love that I ca n't get , too ) ( and I need all the love I can get ) ( and I need all the love that I ca n't get , too ) ( and I need all the love I can get ) all the love that you can get ( and I need all the love that I ca n't get , too ) all the love that I ca n't get , too ... ( and I need all the love I can get ) all the love that you can get ( and I need all the love that I ca n't get , too ) all the love that I ca n't get too ... ( and I need all the love I can get ) all the love , all the love ( and I need all the love that I ca n't get , too ) all the love that I ca n't get too ... ( and I need all the love I can get ) all the love that you can get ( and I need all the love that I ca n't get , too ) that I ca n't get , too ... and I need ! ( and I need all the love I can get ) all the love that you can get ( and I need all the love that I ca n't get , too ) that I ca n't get , too ! and I need all the love ... that you ca n't get ! __________ name more album Vision Thing Artist the sister of Mercy write by Jim Steinman , Andrew eldritch