grab ahold of me , I have get my arm up . pull me out from this darkness . it be so hard for me to see so light up the end of that tunnel . if it be a war you come to see you will never see a wave white flag in front me . I ca n't end up dead , I wo n't be mislead . I will keep sing this song inside my head . a phoenix rise ? or your demise ? do I have to put your name on this grave ? or give you one more shot ? this addiction come like a freight train , oh ! you be come off of the rail again . it be hard for you to see the light at the end of the tunnel . if it be a war you come to see you will never see a wave white flag in front me . I ca n't end up dead , I wo n't be mislead . I will keep sing this song inside my head . if it be a war you come to see you will never see a wave white flag in front me . I ca n't end up dead , I wo n't be mislead . I will keep sing this song inside my head . on a one way course set for destruction , full speed ahead . the time have come for you to start thing over . hold on , full speed ahead . all my life I have be wait for something , that never come . it never come . but I be still say . all my life I have be search for something , to break these chain . to break these chain . but I will keep swing . all my life I have be wait for something , that never come . it never come . but I be still say . all my life I have be search for something , to break these chain . to break these chain . but I will keep swing . all my life I have be wait for something , for something , that never come . it never come . but I be still say . all my life I have be search for something , for something , to break these chain . to break these chain . but I will keep swing . all my life I have be wait for something , that never come . it never come . but I be still say . all my life I have be search for something , to break these chain . to break these chain . but I will keep swing . _______________ name Engine @card@ artist the ghost inside album get what you give