I will never wish any of this on anyone or anything . Aw come on , you gotta try and look at thing like me . I never need anything I get , I never keep anything I have , what do I have ? mostly thing that will never last . then I think back ... I remember when I first see the country . I remember sleep in the van . say goodbye to friend and family cause they could never understand . I remember jump off of cliff top . I remember play with no one there . yeah I know if I become successful it would n't change who I be cause where I have be . cause where I have be . they wonder why I hide myself from everyone , from everything , man come on . you would n't last a day as me . everyone love me for my past , but they always hate me in the present . why ca n't you just meet me somewhere in the middle ? it be in the hard time we grow the most . I remember when I first see the country . I remember sleep in the van . say goodbye to friend and family cause they could never understand . I remember jump off of cliff top . I remember play with no one there . yeah I know if I become successful it would n't change who I be cause where I have be . cause where I have be . speed up , to slow down . side glance around this crowd all at me . there must be something I ca n't see , so tell me . hold me up , help me out . as I circle around what make me happy . there be n't one place that I can be without leave . this be my life . I remember when I first see the country . I remember sleep in the van . say goodbye to friend and family , they could never understand . they do n't understand . they do n't understand . I remember jump off of cliff top . I remember play with no one there . yeah I know if I become successful it would n't change who I be . I remember the coast of California . I remember truck stop cross the land . never keep too many idol cause we be busy being them . I remember wake up in Georgia . I remember quit my last job . yeah I know if I become successful it would n't change who I be , where I have be . cause where I have be . ________________ name I remember Artist a day to remember album common courtesy