who do you carry the torch for , my young man ? do you believe in anything ? do you carry it around just to burn thing down ? meet me tonight on the turnpike , my darling ' Cause we believe in everything if we sweat all these debt , then we be sure to drown so we strap ourselves up to this engine now with a god who we find lay under the back seat what do you learn tonight ? you be shout so loud , you barely enjoy this break thing you be a voice that never sing , be what I say you be freeze over hell you be bring on the end , you do so well you can only blame yourself , it be what I say ( help ) All that you have get be to ignore the thing , that I be sorry and sweep me under the rug while you be beat with a book everyone , the book tell you to love there be an ember in the heart of the kiln and it be burn hot with love burn out my sin until there be nothing but dust hold me with care into your cigarette ' Cause the god I believe in , he work on a campaign trail what do you learn tonight ? you be shout so loud , you barely enjoy this break thing you be a voice that never sing , be what I say you be freeze over hell you be bring on the end , you do so well you can only blame yourself , it be what I say who do you carry the torch for , my young man ? do you believe in anything ? do you carry it around just to burn thing to the ground ? what do you learn tonight ? you be shout so loud , you barely enjoy this break thing you be a voice that never sing , be what I say you be freeze over hell you be bring on the end , you do so well you can only blame yourself , it be what I say feel like ( what do you learn tonight ? ) we could escape the armor ( you be shout so loud , you barely enjoy this break thing ) I might throw it away for fear of the silver sun ( you be a voice that never sing , be what I say ) if you try ( you be freeze over hell ) run a maze of your lie ( you be bring on the end , you do so well ) it be too hard to save you have throw out everyone ( you can only blame yourself , it be what I say ) _____________ name archer Artist Brand New album the devil and God be rage inside me