goodbye to sleep I think this staying up be exactly what I need we will take apart your head we will take apart the counting and the flock it have breed goodbye to love that be alright I will push you all up right against the wall ( Does everybody really wanna know the meaning of the word love ? and do you really think you be a part of me ? and be your army ready to take on one of the @card@ , @card@ ? or will you declare war on the loony bin ? ) take my head ( right against the wall ) Chew it up and swallow it your blue blood be now run I fall asleep in the alkaline I ca n't shake this little feeling I will never get anything right goodbye you liar well , you sip from the cup but you do n't own up to anything then you think you will inspire ? ( but now your note really get me worry about this now , and your baby girl do you really feel I be in the old testament ? or will we celebrate with flower ? or with fire and brimstone ? I just do n't know , and yeah ; I admit , I be afraid of the reckoning ) ( take my head ) and I wish I could inspire ( take apart the demon in the attic to the left ) ( goodbye , my love do n't burn out love he will cut your throat it be not your fault , girl Shake him off you now ! that be in the trial ) her blue blood be now run I fall asleep in the alkaline I ca n't shake this little feeling " I will never say anything ! " ( why be I on my own for you ? ) " I will never say anything ! " ( why be I on my own for you ? ) " I will never say anything ! " ( why be I on my own for you ? ) " I will never say anything ! " right ? ! right , my love ? ! " take me , take me back to your bed I love you so much that it hurt my head say : ' I do n't mind you under my skin ' " ( I let the bad part in , the bad part be in ) " well , when we be make we be set apart but life be a test and I get bad mark now some Saint get the job of write down my sin the storm be come , the storm be come in ! " her blue blood be now run I fall asleep in the alkaline I ca n't shake this little feeling " I never do anything ! " ( why be I alone for you ? ) " I never do anything ! " ( why be I alone ? ! ) " take me , take me back to your bed I love you so much that it hurt my head I do n't mind you under my skin " ( I will let the bad part in , the bad part be in ) " well , you be my favorite bird and when you sing I really do wish that you will wear my ring no matter what they say I be still the King now the storm be come , the storm be come in " _______________ name Degausser Artist Brand New album the devil and God be rage inside me