today for the very first time we start plan out the ultimate crime lock together to destroy this cold stasis Rory C , what have your thesis ? I do n't fuck believe it ! institution be establish and invest pause to ask " be they try and test ? " no ; just force-feed and digest . it be about time we damn contest . you ca n't stain us you ca n't contain us you cant destabilise , divide or label us you ca n't stain us you ca n't contain us you cant destabilise Destabilise now they be crack under pressure from our force ' cause we know ' cause we do n't belong here and we be rise through the stubborn assault course but we be stick in the middle ' cause we do n't belong here we do n't belong here we do n't belong here our mind our dormant and static do n't ever respect conventional thought without reason we need to fuck erupt ! corrupt fuck tyrant , instigate violence , this sporadic discordance will find maximum assurance now they be crack under pressure from our force ' cause we know ' cause we do n't belong here so we be rise through the stubborn assault course but we be stick in the middle ' cause we do n't belong here now they be crack under pressure from our force ' cause we do n't belong here so we be rise through the stubborn assault course this be the calm before the storm one last siege to break the norm so I can lie here on the floor beside you no one own the ocean ! no one own the mountain ! no one own us ! no one own us ! we have all inherit this world ! we need to fuck erupt ! ' cause this earth be ours ! we need to fuck erupt ! yeah ! now they be crack under pressure from our force ' cause we know ' cause we do n't belong here so we be rise through the stubborn assault course ' cause we do n't belong here now they be crack under pressure from our force ' cause we do n't belong here so we be rise through the stubborn assault course ' cause we do n't belong here this be the calm before the storm one last siege to break the norm so I can lie here on the floor beside you . _________________ name Destabilise Artist Enter shikari album a Flash Flood of colour