before the story begin , be it such a sin for me to take what be mine until the end of time ? we be more than friend before the story end and I will take what be mine , create what God would never design our love have be so strong for far too long I be weak with fear that something would go wrong before the possibility come true I take all possibility from you . I almost laugh myself to tear conjure her deep fear ( come here , you fuck bitch ) must have stab her fifty fuck time I ca n't believe it rip her heart out right before her eye eye over easy eat it , eat it , eat it she be never this good in bed even when she be sleep now she be just so perfect I have never be quite so fuck deep in it go on and on and on and I can keep you look young and preserve forever with a fountain to spray on your youth whenever Cause I really always know that my little crime would be cold that be why I get a heater for your thigh and I know , I know it be not your time , but bye-bye and a word to the wise when the fire die you think it be over but it be just begin but baby do n't cry . you have my heart , at least for the most part Cause everybody 's gotta die sometime we fall apart , let be make a new start Cause everybody 's gotta die sometime , yeah , yeah but baby do n't cry possibility I have never consider be occur the like of which I have never hear now an angry soul come back from beyond the grave to repossess a body with which I misbehave smile right from ear to ear almost laugh herself to tear must have stab him fifty fuck time I ca n't believe it rip his heart out right before his eye eye over easy eat it , eat it , eat it ( eat the shit out of him ) now that it be do , I realize the error of my way I must return back to apologize from somewhere far beyond the grave I gotta make up for what I have do Cause I be all up in a piece of heaven while you burn in hell , no peace forever Cause I really always know that my little crime would be cold that be why I get a heater for your thigh and I know , I know it be not your time , but bye-bye and a word to the wise when the fire die you think it be over but it be just begin but baby do n't cry . you have my heart , at least for the most part Cause everybody 's gotta die sometime we fall apart , let be make a new start Cause everybody 's gotta die sometime , yeah , yeah but baby do n't cry ( what will you do ? ) I will suffer for so long ( not long enough ) to make it up to you ( I pray to God that you do ) I will do whatever you want me to do . ( well then I will grant you one chance ) and if it be not enough ( if it be not enough , if it be not enough ) if it be not enough ( not enough ) try again ( try again ) and again ( and again ) over and over again come back , come back we will live forever , live forever let be have wedding , have a wedding let be start the killing , start the killing do you take this man in death for the rest of your unnatural life ? yes , I do do you take this woman in death for the rest of your unnatural life ? I do I now pronounce you . . cause I really always know that my little crime would be cold that be why I get a heater for your thigh and I know , I know it be not your time , but bye-bye and a word to the wise when the fire die you think it be over but it be just begin but baby do n't cry . you have my heart , at least for the most part Cause everybody 's gotta die sometime we fall apart , let be make a new start Cause everybody 's gotta die sometime , yeah , yeah but baby do n't cry ______________________________ name a little piece of heaven artist avenge sevenfold album avenge sevenfold