like walk into a dream , so unlike what you have see so unsure but it seem , ' cause we have be wait for you Fallen into this place , just give you a small taste of your afterlife here - so stay , you will be back here soon anyway I see a distant light but girl this ca n't be right ... such a surreal place to see so how do this come to be ? arrive too early and when I think of all the place I just do n't belong I have come to grip with life and realize this be go too far I do n't belong here , we gotta move on , dear escape from this afterlife ' Cause this time I be right , to move on and on far away from here ! place of hope and no pain , perfect sky with no rain can leave this place but refrain , ' cause we have be wait for you Fallen into this place , just give you a small taste of your afterlife here - so stay , you will be back here soon anyway this peace on earth be not right ( with my back against the wall ) no pain or sign of time ... ( I be much too young to fall ) so out of place , do n't wanna stay I feel wrong and that be my sign I have make up my mind give me your hand but realize I just wanna say goodbye please understand I have to leave and carry on my own life I do n't belong here , I gotta move on dear escape from this afterlife ' Cause this time I be right , to move on and on far away from here ! get nothing against you and surely I will miss you this place full of peace and light and I will hope you might , take me back inside when the time be right ! love one back home all crying ' cause they be already miss me I pray by the grace of God that there be somebody listening give me a chance to be that person I wanna be ( I be unbroken ; I be choke on this ecstasy ! ) Oh Lord I will try so hard but you gotta let go of me ( Unbreak me , unchain me , I need another chance to live ! ) Aah ! I do n't belong here , I gotta move on dear escape from this afterlife ' Cause this time I be right , to move on and on far away from here ! get nothing against you and surely I will miss you this place full of peace and light and I will hope you might , take me back inside when the time be right ! _______________ name afterlife artist avenge sevenfold album avenge sevenfold