I'mma do my thing , let me tell you right now Cuz I do n't know any other way of livin ' my life now some of you know the struggle , some of you live in a bubble some of you hustle and some of you just lookin ' for trouble ( some of you just lookin ' for trouble ! ) I do n't follow or lead , tomorrow be a dream Pray to God to intervine on all the sorrow I have see ( U Know I mean ? ) you want out of here , you can leave when you wanna Nothin ' can stop you if that be your type of persona ( persona ! ) Life be short enough do n't make me say it @card@ time ( 10Times ! ) I will kick over for mine even in the end time ( Times ) I can beat the system , come on , let be say it with me show me some optimism , we can take over the city ( we can take over the city ! ) real life represent the scam since the first day Gangstas , hustlas , grindin ' out around the way can n't stop gotta be always on the paper chase educate , they wo n't give it , but I do it anyway ( I get it anyway ) regardless what the hater say I'mma get it anyway I'mma get it anyway ( I get it anyway ) regardless what the hater say I'mma get it anyway I'mma get it anyway there come a time in your life , you gotta go for yours Stay invader like the battle of forever more I stay pedal to the metal foot on the floor I'mma keep on the street , knockin ' down your door I be by the dollar , like everybody oughtta be do n't burn nobody and make the money honestly open your home with the Internet technology I get it anyway just by the economy see I ai n't coughin ' unless it make a profit I be droppin ' it so hot , chick , like everyday gossip regardless of the climate , I be gonna get it every day even if the bullet spray , I be gonna get it anyway this be for my real life represent the scam since the first day Gangstas , hustlas , grindin ' out around the way can n't stop , gotta be always on the paper chase educate , they wo n't give it but I do it anyway ( I get it anyway ) regardless what the hater say I'mma get it anyway I'mma get it anyway ( I get it anyway ) regardless what the hater say I'mma get it anyway I'mma get it anyway Sing ( La , la , la , la , la ) you know we blazin ' up that ( La , la , la , la , la ) all around the world ( La , la , la , la , la ) our people gettin ' money ( La , la , la , la , la ) let me hear you sing so let ' em hear the cellar by , the collar make ' it harder for you to wanna make an honest dollar you wanna sip a little to make your pain numb Tippin ' that bottle get you forgettin ' where you come from ( Forgettin ' where you come from ! ) but I be the same one , where you think my name be from ? I'mma keep it movin ' and never stop till the game 's do ( never stop till the game be do ! ) forever we live it , forever we spit it , remember the minute you witness the real that ever do it ( quit it ! ) still I be commit , no matter what I hear from the critic people can see through a gimmick , I be puttin ' on a clinic ( I be puttin ' on a clinic ! ) we a troubled time , swervin ' through the double line you be in a head on collision ' cause now you servin ' time ( now you servin ' time ! ) this be for my real life represent the scam since the first day Gangstas , hustlas , grindin ' out around the way can n't stop gotta be always on the paper chase educate , they wo n't give it ( come on ! ) , but I do it anyway ( I get it anyway ) regardless what the hater say Imma get it anyway Imma get it anyway ( I get it anyway ) regardless what the hater say Imma get it anyway Imma get it anyway Sing ! ( La la la la la ) you know we blazin ' up that ( La la la la la ) all around the world ( La la la la la ) our people get money ( La la la la la ) let me hear you sing ! ( La la la la la ) you know we blazin ' up that ( La la la la la ) all around the world ( La la la la la ) our people get money ( La la la la la ) let me hear you sing ! ( La la la la la ) you know we blazin ' up that ( La la la la la ) all around the world ( La la la la la ) our people get money ( La la la la la ) ___________________ name get it anyway Artist Cypress Hill album rise up