it have be a hell of a year , but I be mentally prepare to do a dance around the next couple medical scare I be Fred Astaire with the metal wear quickly off my tap shoe so I step quietly , the way that cat 's move but I be bear-like . my head trap in dear light you can call me John , I be write letter to the dark side of the moon tonight my lovely Jane , you go away but the pain stay so I be send you a package to the address where you trade name I make no claim on the identity theft I be more concern about the home with no amenity leave and it be already a mess . the dust pile like your junk mail so I eat away depression and crush the scale you find yourself on the opposite side of the spectrum emaciate on a strict diet of bed crumb me ? I choose to wallow and I will just swim in my fat you ... refuse to swallow so I see rib from the back this be n't an attack , it be an admission of guilt I be live in the past , kiss your ass , sip your milk but it be all bone and curdle . I see stone in a circle stand in the middle . tell myself riddle in a robe that be purple the murder weapon be an icicle be that the reason why I be stand in this puddle with my eye so full ? I fight feeling like a war on drug I be a chemist with a test tube addiction bear through coffee mug our baby now be all growed up your car be still dead in my driveway while I wait for the tow truck and you know what ? I know I drive you away I still do n't think it be wrong so I do n't know what to say it have be a tough year . you say that life ai n't fair well , guess what , baby ... life ai n't . Thems the break you say that life ai n't worth it . but it be . you gotta work it nobody 's life be perfect yeah , you have be deal a bad hand . place against a stacked deck Been through all the cat scan and bad check but I slash your debt . not your wrist and I could n't help with anything else that become cancerous halfway people with a full baby to bury take a flame to the papier-mache sanctuary when the smoke clear ... try not to stare into the light but , also , do n't stay in the dark as if that be what life be like it be just a series of unfortunate event but the message we get be more important than death what be the rush ? I have get a shortness of breath what be the rush ? run from you ... run from me it be the rush . the crush . the lust . the love-trust so what be the trouble ? the busted bubble ? the unjust ? that be just the way the cookie crumble . it do suck but suck it up . we be all look , but nothing be enough we use each other as a crutch . the clutch . the shift switch you could n't just adjust . you combust and rip picture this be why I be not consider a saint ? well , guess what ? ... I ai n't it have be a hell of a year you say that I ai n't there , I ai n't care , and life ai n't fair it have be a hell of a trip you say my mind 's unfit , I have be flip , and I ai n't shit it have be a hell of a life you say that I ai n't like the way I write and that ai n't right it have be a hell of an attempt you say that I ai n't mean for promise unkept well , guess what , Darlin . . I be a keep keep Callin Guess what , Darlin . . I be a keep keep callin ____________________ name hell of a Year Artist Sage Francis album Human The Death Dance