I wake up fine and dandy but then by the time I find it handy to rip my heart apart and start Planning my crash landing I go up , up , up , up up to the ceiling then I feel my soul start leave like an old man 's hair recede I be plead please , oh please on my knee repeatedly ask why it be get to be like this ? be this live free ? I do n't want to be the one , be the one who have the sun 's blood on my hand , I will tell the moon take this weapon forge in darkness some see a pen , I see a harpoon I will stay awake ' Cause the dark be not take prisoner tonight why be I not scare in the morning ? I do n't hear those voice call I must have kick them out I must have kick them out I swear I hear demon yell those crazy word they be spell they tell me I be go they tell me I be go but I will tell them why wo n't you let me go ? do I threaten all your plan ? I be insignificant please tell them you have no plan for me I will set my soul on fire what have I become ? I will tell them on the eve of a day that be forgotten and fake as the tree , they await and cloud anticipate the start of a day when we put on our face a mask that portray that we do n't need grace on the eve of a day that be big than us but we open our eye ' Cause we be tell that we must and the tree wave their arm and the cloud try to plead desperately yell there be something we need I be not free I ask forgiveness three time same amount that I deny I three-time mvp'ed this crime I be afraid to tell you who I adore wo n't tell you what I be sing towards metaphorically , I be a whore and that be denial number four I will stay awake ' Cause the dark be not take prisoner tonight why be I not scare in the morning ? I do n't hear those voice call I must have kick them out I must have kick them out I swear I hear demon yell those crazy word they be spell they tell me I be go they tell me I be go but I will tell them why wo n't you let me go ? do I threaten all your plan ? I be insignificant please tell them you have no plan for me I will set my soul on fire what have I become ? I will tell them you have no plan for me I will set my soul on fire what have I become ? I will tell them I will tell them I will tell them I will tell them please tell them you have no plan for me I will set my soul on fire what have I become ? I be sorry __________________ name Ode to sleep Artist twenty one Pilots album Vessel