I have get my band of brother , and be take to the street if we do n't wake up tomorrow , its cause we drink till dawn we aint try to sleep you will never take this away from us , cause we do n't give a fuck , throw caution to the wind . we all know the good part of it , tomorrow night , we will do it all again . I have get my band of brother , and be take to the street if we do n't wake up tomorrow , its cause we drink till dawn we aint try to sleep you will never take this away from us , cause we do n't give a fuck , throw caution to the wind . we all know the good part of it , tomorrow night , we will do it all again . now be the time , we all look for the time of our life we all feelin it so I guess that tonight be the night at it again , pick your poison get it in . no fuckin around , we gotta do this right . grab your weed , smoke till your eye bleed drop anything you have get , drink everything in sight grab a pack , smoke till your lung black and chop it up , with the one you love , till the day light . I have get my band of brother , and be take to the street if we do n't wake up tomorrow , its cause we drink till dawn we aint try to sleep you will never take this away from us , cause we do n't give a fuck , throw caution to the wind . we all know the good part of it , tomorrow night , we will do it all again . yeah we on one , take the city by storm yeah we drinkin bar dry then then movin on to the next one if we wake up with memory we cant render then we will know for sure we have a night to remember so grab your weed , smoke till your eye bleed drop anything you have get , drink everything in sight grab a pack , smoke till your lung black and chop it up , with the one you love , till the day light . this be the time of our life and we will live it up this be the time of our life and we will live it up this be the time of our life and we do n't give a fuck . I have get my band of brother , and be take to the street if we do n't wake up tomorrow , its cause we drink till dawn we aint try to sleep you will never take this away from us , cause we do n't give a fuck , throw caution to the wind . we all know the good part of it , tomorrow night , we will do it all again . I have get my band of brother , and be take to the street if we do n't wake up tomorrow , its cause we drink till dawn we aint try to sleep you will never take this away from us , cause we do n't give a fuck , throw caution to the wind . we all know the good part of it , tomorrow night , we will do it all again . ______________________ name Band of Brothers Artist Deez nut album bout it